docs: add project and milestone planning to CONTRIBUTING.md (#691)
eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before your contribution can be accepted by the project, you need to create and electronically sign
a [Eclipse Contributor Agreement (ECA)](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/ecafaq.php):

1. Log in to the [Eclipse foundation website](https://accounts.eclipse.org/user/login/). You will 
   need to create an account within the Eclipse Foundation if you have not already done so.
2. Click on "Eclipse ECA", and complete the form.

Be sure to use the same email address in your Eclipse Account that you intend to use when you commit 
to GitHub.

## How to Contribute

### Discuss

If you feel there is a bug or an issue, contribute to the discussions in
[existing issues](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen),

> otherwise [create a new issue](#create-an-issue). If you want to share an idea to further enhance 

Reviewer: I would put the "discussions" part first, since it's better to incentivize discussions more than issues

the project or discuss potential use cases, please feel free to create a discussion at the

> [GitHub Dssues page](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/discussions).

Reviewer: Typo

* We prefer small changes and short living branches. Please do not combine independent things in one
  pull request.

* Excessive branching and merging can make git history confusing. With that in mind please

    * [squash your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History#_squashing)
      down to a few commits, or one commit, before submitting a pull request and
    * [rebase](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing) your pull request changes on 
      top of the current master. Pull requests shouldn't include merge commits.

* Add meaningful tests to verify your submission acts as expected.

* Where code is not self-explanatory, add documentation providing extra clarification.

* Submit a draft pull request at early-stage and add people previously working on the same code as 
  reviewer. Make sure automatically checks pass before marking it as "ready for review":

    * _Intellectual Property Validation_ verifying the [Eclipse CLA](#eclipse-contributor-agreement) 
      has been signed as well as commits have been signed-off and
    * _Continuous Integration_ performing various test conventions.

## Project and Milestone Planning

> Milestones are planned for about 6 to 8 weeks. Future milestones describe an outlook on features to 
> be considered. The transparent process on GitHub enables participation. To decide what features and
> issues will be targeted, user requirements and sponsors are considered. Thus, everyone is able to
> influence the addressed developments and its priorities! 

Reviewer 2: fits perfect to milestone section below, suggest to move it.

shortened version
```suggestion
We use milestones to set a common focus for a period of 6 to 8 weeks. 
The group of committers chooses issues based on customer needs and contributions we expect.
```

### Projects

The [Github Projects page](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/projects)

> provides a general overview of the project's working items. Every new issue needs to be assigned to

Author: I mean "every new". "Every accepted" will be put to the "backlog" column (referring to the comment above). This way, it is sufficient to take a look at the projects tab without missing an issue. And by doing so, one can easily use this as a starting of discussions to talk about what issues may be relevant for the backlog, what may be converted into a discussion and so on.  I can re-formulate this by using your words - I think they describe the difference very well and may also resolve your comment above.

Unless we say that only issues will be created, which we will definitely work on at some point. However, to be honest, we can never say that 100%, because any GitHub user can create an issue - whether it is a working item or not. By having two columns, we can easily see issues as e.g. "out of scope" or "need to be discussed first", leave them in the "open" column and check later again if this should be added to the backlog - whether it is addressed in the current or any further milestone.

> provides a general overview of the project's working items. Every new issue needs to be assigned to

Reviewer 2: is that information ("backlog" vs. "open") also visible in the Issue itself? Would be great to have the board (or maybe multiple boards in future) just as a thing to increase the overview while still being optional.

> provides a general overview of the project's working items. Every new issue needs to be assigned to

Author: Yes, this information is visible: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72392527/154252640-3d2343e3-3141-4bac-ab2e-2f354c4021c2.png)

Maybe we can say that there are four columns: "backlog", "in progress" etc.? Open issues are not automatically added to a project (this must be done manually anyway). And as soon as an issue is officially "a task to be definitely done", it is put to either the general project's board or a catena-x board or similar?

> provides a general overview of the project's working items. Every new issue needs to be assigned to

Author: @MoritzKeppler I've shortened the project section. Maybe you can take another look? I don't want to just resolve this comment and the one above, maybe others want to take a look at both of the proposals?

the ["Dataspace Connector" project](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/projects/1).
There, an issue passes five stages:

> * `Open`: All assigned issues will automatically have this status.

Author: +1

> * `Backlog`: An open issue does not automatically imply that it is going to be addressed in upcoming

Author: Could be "all open issues of the current milestone", but in general covers more. As I described, we should never put every opened issue to this backlog, but every somehow accepted - as you formulated below. Maybe have a look at my comment to that.

  milestones and releases - maybe someone opened it to report a bug or ask a question. An issue that 
  will be resolved must be put to this column.
* `In progress`: Reopened issues and pull requests or new pull requests will be added to this column
  automatically if they previously have been assigned to the project.
* `Review in progress`: This covers pull requests that are no longer marked as draft and have 
  pending approvals.
* `Done`: All resolved or closed issues and pull requests will remain here.

If an issue covers a topic or the response to a question that may be interesting for other 

> developers or contributors, it should be converted to a discussion and not be closed!

Author: > Also closed issues can still be found.

The problem is that nobody actually does this. Furthermore, we somehow have the alignment that topics should first be discussed to then create an issue that targets the concrete work. Nevertheless, we have issues raised by people asking questions. I agree with you that we should somehow provide some guidelines describing how to proceed best - but we still need to agree on how to handle e.g. issues that have not been created accordingly.

I will come up with a first draft.

> developers or contributors, it should be converted to a discussion and not be closed!

Reviewer: Agree that we should add a reference to the Discussion section as the first point where topics can be opened or questions can be raised: https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/discussions

> developers or contributors, it should be converted to a discussion and not be closed!

Author: I updated the "discuss" and "create an issue" sections and added a brief description for when to create a discussion/issue.

### Milestones

Milestones are organized at the 
[Github Milestones page](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/milestones).

> They are numbered in ascending order, e.g. `Milestone 1`, `Milestone 2`, ... Closed milestones can
> always be viewed in the according 
> [tab](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/milestones?state=closed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are numbered in ascending order.
```

> The ongoing milestone has a due date - that is **no guarantee** that all linked issues will be 
> resolved by then. 
> Further milestones, that are already known, can be created any time, and issues can be assigned
> to them. However, for every new milestone, a due date will be voted in the committers round only as
> soon as the current milestone is closed.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The due date of a milestone does not imply any guarantee that all linked issued will be resolved by then.
```

The milestone `Milestone Scoping` is a permanent milestone without a due date. Issues that should be 
considered for future milestones but already need to be targeted for the current one will be 

> assigned here. This way, contributors, users, and adopters can track the progress.

Reviewer 2: not sure if I get that right...
is it more like "Milestone Scoping = accepted issue, but not mapped to fix Milestone so far"
or more like "Milestone Scoping = things we need to refine during the current milestone"
or ...?

Author: If I understood @mspiekermann right, this label "scoping" should not cover the complete backlog but issues in the backlog that should be adressed already during the milestone, but should actually be resolved in some further milestone - as some kind of preparing. I personally don't think that this should actually be a category of issues because either you work on something or you don't - but I am open to add this to the milestone planning. I don't know if this is a proper way without creating confusion? However, I argue to not use labels for this. Labels should be for categorization, not milestone planning.

Author: Do you understand the meaning? Do you also consider this as important, and if yes, is there a better naming? `Assessment queue`, `Pending evaluation`, `Multi-milestone scoping`, etc.? Or is such an issue just added to the project's `in progress` column and then everyone knows that this is been worked on?
